makes easier to find where to put the launch options for steam version v6 (#712)
ArchipelagoMW/Archipelago: worlds/v6/docs/setup_en.md

# Joining a MultiWorld Game

> To join an Archipelago MultiWorld game, you must set the game's launch options. The two mandatory launch options are:

Reviewer: Add two spaces after this line. Doing to will cause the following code block to appear on the following line.

`-v6ap_name slotName`

> `-v6ap_ip server:port`

Reviewer: Remove the blank like above this line and add two spaces to the end of the preceding code block. Doing so will cause markdown to insert a new line.

> `-v6ap_ip server:port`

Reviewer 2: I'd prefer if this said `ServerIP:Port`

> If the game you are joining requires a password, you should also add the following to your launch options:

Reviewer: Add two spaces to the end of this line. Same reason as above.

`-v6ap_passwd secretPassword`

> Launch options may be found by right-clicking on the game in Steam, and clicking "Properties" in the context menu. From there, open the "General" tab. There is a "Launch Options" setting near the bottom wherein you should enter the above options. Note that all launch options are seperated by a space, and if there are spaces in your password, it should be surrounded with quotes

Reviewer: 1. This paragraph's last sentence needs to end with a period.
2. Remove the comma after the word "Steam" in the first sentence.

# Joining a MultiWorld Game

To join an Archipelago MultiWorld game, you must set the game's launch options. The two mandatory launch options are:  
  `-v6ap_name slotName`
  `-v6ap_ip serverIP:port`
If the game you are joining requires a password, you should also add the following to your launch options:
  `-v6ap_passwd secretPassword`  

> Launch options may be found by right-clicking on the game in Steam and clicking "Properties" in the context menu. From there, open the "General" tab. There is a "Launch Options" setting near the bottom wherein you should enter the above options. Note that all launch options are seperated by a space, and if there are spaces in your password, it should be surrounded with quotes.

Reviewer 3: Fixed a typo and also should clarify that slot names also need to be surrounded with quotes if there are spaces in them. :)

```suggestion
Launch options may be found by right-clicking on the game in Steam and clicking "Properties" in the context menu. From there, open the "General" tab. There is a "Launch Options" setting near the bottom wherein you should enter the above options. Note that all launch options are separated by a space, and if there are spaces in your slot name or password, it should be surrounded with quotes.
```
